hey everyone mr from TK i'm ryan from to
game and we're here to talk about the
preorder bonus for WWE 2k16 aren't we
that's right it's Arnold Schwarzenegger
as the Terminator both from Terminator
one and two moon that in the game that's
amazing if you have to go against our
newest a terminator in the ring what
would your strategy be well you know oh
man has the Terminator he was so badass
and the movies I don't know how I would
a gag him at the end of the day his
GoPro stutters the most effective finish
maneuver in the history of the WWE in my
opinion it served me very well I have no
doubt that as I told him at one of my
promos at the end of the day's don't go
son or one two three he's doing the
j.o.b for me metal is it's very easily
broken when it said you know it's so
robust it's not silky smooth like the
demon so I don't think he quite get his
hands on the demon a cup of mine games
I'm sure with the entrance and things
that up I feel like I'd be in trouble
all as with all the other superstars and
divas if you put them in the ring with a
terminator unless there's an option as a
weapon under the ring for a vat of
molten lava the simple fact is I'm on
with a bowl I'm doesn't matter if you're
a machine or a human being it's still
going to knock you out so I mean I think
I've got all the strategy I need right
here it looks pretty preemie baby you
see the damage to think it cause I don't
know Dean Ambrose couldn't beat him with
it ain't even touchin it in faith if I
don't want to discuss my what I would do
on camera I stood face to face bottle
sports and that guy she was playing the
terminator but you know we were so in
character and I looked at Brenda's
little eyes and he kind of wilted right
in front of me you know I really kind of
like intimidated him and stole the whole
scene from him yeah I guess I would
employ straight kick right to the knee
cap try to straighten out his leg
because maybe if his leg got straight
like that then he wouldn't be able to
maybe like the joint would lock or
something I guess that would be your
vessel what would your strategy be kick
him in the natick his knee oh just kick
him in a name I would have to attack
them from behind if you watch the
commercial Dean Ambrose does the old
Terminator gym where he puts the cigar
out on his chest and nothing happens he
doesn't even flinch so he doesn't flinch
maybe gotta play his Lesnar I don't know
if you guys had to take on the
Terminator in the ring how would you
what tactic would you use yet put some
twin magic in there yeah and I would
turn myself into a fembot and probably
shoot him through my girls I think I'd
be amazing so I guess that's a twin
magic we would use
yeah I know a nikki can you do that I'll
be back I'll be back exactly that really
wasn't whatever you try they do I'll be
back it's not a tumor it's not a tumor
no no no I tell you what I'll go work on
some more now sit back I'll be bunk do
you have a favorite Terminator line oh
hello I'll be back awesome oh yeah don't
bother my friends he's dead tired hasta
la vista baby I want your boots your
clothes and your motorcycle who is your
daddy and what does he do he's not a
tumah Oh what happened to the guy he
caught the train get to the chapel
that's all right sorry so what do you
mind yeah where do you see down now he
always like to say I'll be back and I
said no you won't be back because I put
my foot up your ass and drive gonna
stack adapt you call her neck put a
stone cold stunner and I told him here's
the bottom line Arnold hasta LaVista
maybe and that's the bottom line because
I said so
you